So let's now delete the place.
The great thing is that we can apply all the previously learned knowledge here because India and Indian
deleting a place simply means to find a place by specific idea and then to delete it.
That's the main thing have to do right here for that.
Here in narrow delete place constant we can get rid of all our dummy code that we have in here and let
us now again create let place because it will be the same logic that before we need a try catch block
once again and inside this try catch block we need to find our place so place should again be equal
to place dot find by I.D. because again the place I.D. is what you're looking for right here.
So let's at police I.D..
And once again finding a place is of course an asynchronous task.
Therefore we should add a sink right here and a wait ahead of place.
So that's the logic to find the place.
Once again we catch our error um and we store stored in a constant should be equal to new HDP era.
And let us say this.
Something went wrong.
Could not delete place and Arrow Code Five hundred.
Let's return next.
Error.
All these steps we did before basically.
So this is finding the place.
The first step.
Now we have to delete it from our database of course for that.
As for saving the data in the end we again use.
Catch and insert our try catch block we use plays that remove this time.
So for we had the safe method.
Now we have to remove method by the way before all that repetition of the code here.
I am aware of the fact that we could refactor the code to save this partially duplicate code for redacted
reasons.
I won't refactor record at this stage so that we can repeat this logic one less time here.
So with that we can remove our replace also an asynchronous task.
Therefore we should add a weight right here to make sure this works correctly in case of an error.
I'll just copy this code up here.
Same error code and we also have to return our next error.
One less time here and with that we are actually done already because you're changing our response doesn't
make a lot of sense because we won't get back any document.
Well as remove it and with that if we save this now and go back and create one last request here this
time this should be a delete request.
And again the idea of the place that we created right here in our post requests this idea right here.
If we do so we don't have to add any additional information here.
And if in our present we get the message delete it place and if everything work correctly here if we
go back to our database and reloaded
or we can see our query results shows zero.
So we don't have any more places in our database.
And with that we finished our CRUD operations here at least for the places.
But what is missing at the stage of course are our users because we only work in our places controller
so far but we actually also get the user's controller here.
Here we still have our dummy users so it's time to change that.
Now in the next lectures.